fix: implement f.router to prevent usage of satisfies (#156)
pingdotgg/uploadthing: docs/src/pages/nextjs/appdir.mdx

export type OurFileRouter = typeof ourFileRouter;
```

> #### Not using TypeScript V4.9 or above?

Reviewer: add `Since version xxx` note

export type OurFileRouter = typeof ourFileRouter;
```

#### Not using TypeScript V4.9 or above?

> Not using `v4.9` or above, meaning you won't get access to the `satisfies`
> keyword, therefore you should be using `f.router` to define a router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not using TypeScript 4.9 or above, you can use the `f.router` helper to define a router and get full typesafety:
```
